.\"
.\" "$Id$"
.\"
.\"   Manual page for POBS, a PHP Obfuscator.
.\"
.\"   Copyright 2004 by Rajesh Kumar.
.\"
.\"   POBS is distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License
.\"   which is described in the file "COPYING".
.\"
.TH POBS 1 "POBS 1.0.0" "21 August 2004" "POBS"
.SH NAME
POBS \- obfuscate PHP source files rendering it unreable by humans.
.sp
.SH SYNOPSIS
pobs.php [options] filename1.php [ ... filenameN.php ]
.LP
pobs.php [options] source_dir1 [ ... source_dirN ]
.LP
POBS [options] -
.sp
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBPOBS\fR or PHP Obfuscator converts PHP sourcefiles into a human-unreable
format by replacing user-defined functions, constants and variables with an
8-character MD5 key. POBS doesn't use MD5 keys of 32 bytes, which is the
standard, since that would increase the size of your source code
considerably. 8 bytes seems enough to give each function or variable a unique
name. MD5 is a one-way hash and is not reversible.
.LP
In the first form of invoking \fBPOBS\fR, pass any number of filenames to
POBS. Note that the files will be treated as individual projects.
.LP
The second form of \fBPOBS\fR reads PHP source files from a directory and
produces a POBS'ed folder \fIsource_dir_pobsed\fR in the same
directory as the source_dir. \fBPOBS\fR will descend the directory
recursively looking for source files with extensions given by the variable
$FileExtArray in the configuration file \fIpobs.conf.php\fR.
.LP
Note that both files and directory can be passed as arguments to pobs.php,
but each will be treated as separate entities and will be POBS'ed
individually. To obfuscate a number of related files together, put them in a
folder and pass the folder name as argument to \fBPOBS\fR. Or alternatively,
concatenate your files with \fIcat\fR and pass the result to \fBPOBS\fR via standard
input.
.LP
The third form of \fBPOBS\fR reads a PHP source from stdin, which allows you
to use \fBPOBS\fR as a filter.
.SH OPTIONS
.LP
The following options are available when invoking the command line version of
\fBPOBS\fR:

.SH SEE ALSO
POBS Website Documents at:
.LP
http://pobs.berlios.de
.SH AUTHOR
Rajesh Kumar <rks@meetrajesh.com>
.SH COPYRIGHTS
.LP
\fBPOBS\fR is copyright of their respective authors. This program is free
software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU
General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.SH NO WARRANTY
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more
details.
.\"
.\" End of "$Id$".
.\"

